# RL Testbed for EnergyPlus

This repository contains the RL Testbed for EnergyPlus, which is a framework for developing and evaluating reinforcement learning algorithms for building energy management using EnergyPlus.

## Folder Structure

The `rl-testbed-for-energyplus` folder is structured as follows:

- `docker`: This folder contains the Dockerfile and related files for building the Docker image used to run the RL Testbed for EnergyPlus.

- `input_data`: This folder contains the input data files required for running the simulations. These files include weather data, building models, and other relevant input files.

- `output_data`: This folder contains the output data files generated by the simulation. This includes simulation results, RL training results and a tensorboard log

- `postprocessing`: This folder contains scripts and tools for postprocessing the simulation results. It includes scripts for generating plots, analyzing data, and extracting useful information from the simulation outputs.

- `simulation`: This folder contains the main simulation scripts and configuration files. It includes the necessary code for setting up the RL environment, running the simulations, and collecting the simulation data.

## Usage
The RL Testbed for EnergyPlus can be used by following these steps:
1. Build the Docker image using the files in the `docker` folder (detailed instructions [here](docker/README.docker.md)). 
2. The input data in the `input_data` folder do not have to be modified in general, but:
    -  An IT_load file generator is provided for generation of new IT load profiles.
    - Changes to the model can be made to the .idf files in `input_data/EnergyPlus/Model-9-5-0` if absolutely necessary. **Be extremely careful when doing this!!!**
3. Configure the simulation parameters and RL settings in the appropriate file in the `simulation` folder. For a normal RL training run, use the file `run_PPO.py`. See the documentation for a description of the settings.
4. Run the simulation script (`run_PPO.py`) to start the training process
    - The data is logged to `output_data`.
5. Use the scripts in `postprocessing` to analyze and visualize the simulation results. Examples of how the tools in this folder can be used are shown in [rl-testbed-for-energyplus/postprocessing/analysis_template.ipynb](postprocessing/analysis_template.ipynb)

